Acrivon is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing precision oncology medicines that we match to patients whose tumors are predicted to be sensitive to each specific medicine by utilizing our proprietary proteomics-based patient responder identification platform. Recently approved targeted oncology treatments, such as kinase inhibitors, have transformed the cancer treatment landscape, and while the therapeutic benefit of these agents has provided significant benefit to patients, these targeted oncology treatments unfortunately only address less than 10% of patients with cancers that harbor certain easily-identifiable genetic mutations. Our approach is designed to overcome the limitations of genomics-based patient selection methods. We do this by using our proprietary precision medicine platform, Acrivon Predictive Precision Proteomics, or AP3, to develop our pipeline of oncology drug candidates. Our AP3 platform enables the creation of drug-specific proprietary OncoSignature companion diagnostics that are used to identify the patients most likely to benefit from our drug candidates, which we refer to as patient responders. We are currently advancing our lead candidate, ACR-368, a selective small molecule inhibitor targeting CHK1 and CHK2 with sub single-digit nM and single-digit nM potency, respectively, in a potentially registrationable Phase 2 trial across multiple solid tumor types, including endometrial, ovarian, and non-muscle invasive bladder cancer. ACR-368 has previously shown dual monotherapy efficacy at recommended phase 2 dosage, or RP2D, in a proportion of patients across several high unmet need solid tumor types, including platinum-resistant ovarian cancer and squamous cell cancer, or SCC, including anal and head and neck cancer, in past Phase 2 clinical trials conducted by Eli Lilly and Company, or Lilly, and at the National Cancer Institute, or NCI. Using our ACR-368 OncoSignature test, which has not yet obtained regulatory approval, we conducted multiple preclinical studies, including two separate, blinded, prospectively-designed studies on the pretreatment tumor biopsies collected from patients with ovarian cancer treated with ACR-368 conducted by Lilly and the NCI where we demonstrated that our OncoSignature test was able to predict responders to ACR-368. Based on the preclinical study results, we believe the overall response rate, or ORR, in the ACR-368 OncoSignature-positive patients will be increased significantly when compared to the unenriched ORR observed in previous trials. The ACR-368 OncoSignature test was also used for screening across human intended use processed cancer tissues to identify endometrial and bladder cancer as predicted sensitive tumor types, which was subsequently confirmed in genetically non-modified patient derived xenograft, or PDX, models of these two tumor types.

The AP3 approach is proteomics-based and designed to enable identification and treatment of the patients whose tumors are sensitive to a specific drug or drug candidate based on direct protein measurement of critical tumor-driving mechanisms and independent of underlying genetic alterations. We believe our approach is applicable across stages of drug development and across therapeutic modalities. Accordingly, the AP3 method is not limited to the typically very small subset of cancers driven by single gene driver mutations or susceptible to a synthetic lethal approach. Rather, we believe our method is broadly applicable to the vast majority of cancers, in particular the majority of solid tumors, for which genetics-based approaches have proven insufficient to identify patient responders in many cases. In principle, we believe a much larger percentage of tumors can be addressed therapeutically using agents attuned to the specific biochemical signaling pathways found in these tumors, which our AP3 platform was purposefully designed to enable.

By applying our highly specific patient selection approach to drug development, we seek to both accelerate clinical development and significantly increase the probability of successful treatment outcomes for patients. Our pipeline includes the Phase 2 lead program, ACR-368, also known as prexasertib, a targeted oncology asset that targets CHK1 and CHK2, or CH1K2. Prior to the development of the OncoSignature test, ACR-368 was dosed in more than 400 patients at the recommended Phase 2 dose, or RP2D, with reported deep, durable responses, including complete responses, or CRs, in a proportion of patients with solid tumors in past single center and multi-center Phase 2 clinical trials in tumor indications with high unmet need. ACR-368 also demonstrated a generally favorable safety and tolerability profile with primarily reversible hematological adverse events and very limited non-hematological adverse events. We have received clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, for an Investigational New Drug, or IND, application to advance ACR-368 in Phase 2 single arm clinical trials conducted under the FDA program known as the master protocol, which was developed to help expedite drug development in multiple tumor types for drugs with an established RP2D within the same overall trial structure. Initially, patients with platinum-resistant ovarian, endometrial, or bladder cancer will be treated