The Company classifies its money market funds and U.S. Treasury securities as Level 1 assets under the fair value hierarchy as these assets have been valued using quoted market prices in active markets without any valuation adjustment. The Company classifies its U.S. government-sponsored enterprise securities as Level 2 assets under the fair value hierarchy as these assets have been valued using information obtained through a third-party pricing service as of the balance sheet date, using observable market inputs that may include trade information, broker or dealer quotes, bids, offers, or a combination of these data sources.

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no transfers between levels. The Company uses the carrying amounts of its restricted cash, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses to approximate their fair value due to the short-term nature of these amounts.

Preferred Stock Tranche Rights

In October 2020, the Company issued Series A-1 convertible preferred stock (“Series A-1 Preferred Stock”). According to the Series A-1 Preferred Stock subscription agreement, the Company was obligated to issue second and third tranches of Series A-1 Preferred Stock upon the Company’s successful completion of future science-driven milestone events, such as entering into in-licensing agreements, contracting with a CRO to conduct Phase 2 clinical trials, and identifying compounds for lead drug candidates. As a result, the Company’s obligation to issue additional Series A-1 Preferred Stock was recognized as a tranche obligation (the “Preferred Stock Tranche Rights”), which was subject to revaluation at each balance sheet date. Changes in fair value were recorded as a component of other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss until the Preferred Stock Tranche Rights were settled in January 2021.

The Company determined that the Preferred Stock Tranche Rights were freestanding financial instruments. The freestanding financial instruments were classified as a liability on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets and initially recorded at fair value. The liability was subsequently remeasured to fair value at each reporting date until settled in January 2021, and changes in the fair value of the preferred stock tranche liability were recognized as a component of other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The fair value of the Preferred Stock Tranche Rights was based on significant inputs not observable in the market, which represented a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy.