PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Market Information

Our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market on November 15, 2022, under the symbol “ACRV.” Prior to that time, there was no public market for our common stock.

Holders of Record

As of March 24, 2023, there were 21 holders of record of our common stock. This number was derived from our stockholder records and does not include beneficial owners of our common stock whose shares are held in “street” name with various dealers, clearing agencies, banks, brokers and other fiduciaries.

Dividend Policy

We have never declared or paid, and do not anticipate declaring or paying in the foreseeable future, any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to support our operations and finance the growth and development of our business. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon, among other factors, our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities

During the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have issued the following securities that were not registered under the Securities Act.

Concurrent Private Placement

In November 2022, we completed a private placement which closed concurrently with the IPO, in which we issued and sold 400,000 shares of our common stock at $12.50 per share to Chione Limited, an existing investor. We received aggregate net proceeds of $4.7 million, after deducting the placement agent fee.

We believe the offers, sales, and issuances of the above securities were exempt from registration under the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (or Regulation D or Regulation S promulgated thereunder), because the issuance of securities to the recipient did not involve a public offering, or in reliance on Rule 701 because the transactions were pursuant to compensatory benefit plans or contracts relating to compensation as provided under such rule. The recipients of the securities in each of these transactions represented their intentions to acquire the securities for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof. All recipients had adequate access, through their relationships with us or otherwise, to information about us. The issuances of these securities were made without any general solicitation or advertising.

Issuances Pursuant to our Equity Plans

We derived the equity grants and exercises of stock options issued under our equity compensation plans prior to the completion of our initial public offering in November 2022 to be exempt from registration in reliance on Rule 701 of the Securities Act as offers and sales of securities under compensatory benefit plans and contracts relating to compensation. Each of the recipients of securities in any transaction exempt from registration either had or had adequate access, through employment, business or other relationships, to information about us.